Lady Galadrial:
                          The world is changed: I feel it in the
                          water, I feel it in the earth, I smell it
                          in the air...Much that once was is lost,
                          for none now live who remember it.

                          It began with the forging of the Great Rings.
                          THREE RINGS, each set with a single GEM, are received
                          by the HIGH ELVES-GALADRIEL, GIL-GALAD and CIRDAN.
                           Three were given to the Elves, immortal,
                           wisest...fairest of all beings.
                           Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners and craftsmen of the mountain halls.

                          And Nine...nine rings were gifted to the
                          race of Men who, above all else, desire power.
                           For within these rings was bound the
                           strength and will to govern each race.But they were all of them deceived.....for another ring was made.

                           In the land of Mordor, in the fires of
                            Mount Doom, the Dark Lord Sauron forged
                              in secret a Master Ring to control all
                             others....and into this Ring he poured his
                             cruelty, his malice and his will to
                               dominate all life.

                                 One Ring to rule them all... 
                                 Sauron attacked the middle earth but was defeated by the alliences of men, drawfs and elevs. 
                                 And the ring lost and some things that should not have been
                                  forgotten...were lost.History became legend...legend became
                                  myth. Until, when chance came, it ensnared a new bearer!

                                 It was picked up by the most unlikely
                                  creature imaginable...
                                 A Hobbit....Bilbo Baggins of the Shire.
                                 For the time will soon come when Hobbits
                                 will shape the fortunes of all.
